2020 - December
Started to learn programming at the age of 14. Started with coding html codes from YouTube.
First teacher is Saidbek Arislonov (https://www.youtube.com/@SaidbekArislonov/featured)
Learned Html/CSS but couldn't learn JS. So, I practiced html/css a lot and everything was by heart
I was able to get interest in JS by KhanAcademy videos and learnt Python. teacher Botir Ziyatov(https://www.youtube.com/@BotirZiyatov/videos)
and Anvar Narzullayev (https://python.sariq.dev/)

2021 - September
There was governmental IT teacher center and there was no teacher. So, they hired me to
teach in frontend and backend. I had dozens of students. They were actually younger and even older than me.
I even taught school teachers and medics. It lasted til 2022 Oct. And I was interested in flutter to create mobile apps.

2022
In march, I decided to create my own startup. It was Taxi app for our region. I created 1 version and due to
financial problems, it failed. Tried once more. Again same. Then I was interested in to create 
telegram bots. I created many interesting bots and got 10000+ users. I earned my first dollar. Then focused on my English skills.

2023
In January, I started in to create APIs and monetized it on RapidAPI by curiosity. After few months,
I saw I earned my few dollars. Then I started to build and earn more. Now, I have in total 5000+ devs
registered on my total APIs. I got my EILTS and SAT certificates. Applied for universities. Got over $1mln
scholarships in total. At the end of the year, I created my own API monetizing platform FAPIhub.

2024
In February, I colloborated with MagicAPI to publish my APIs and got into internship as well. I did 4 months internship.
I graduated high school. I got scholarship from Hungary and moved. Started my college year.

2025
My API business was failed. I was clueless. I created apps like Tavi and CalVault. They were also failed.
I couldn't do marketing. At the end of the year, I got into EvoSoft company in the train program called EvoCampus.

2026
I finished train program and to be continued.